README.md, before:

# Jarvis

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Jarvis is not offical launched, we as developer will try our best to release soon... But you have early access use following steps.

It is my **3rd year university project**. So, it for educational purpose. but, we might release in near future, if we see a good progress and user response.

It's an Digital AI Assistant made in python. That can help you do your daily task and keep productive.

> Basically if you can't afford alexa or google,
>
> Then, Get a dummy laptop, Install python & Run Jarvis.... 😅
>
> we might also, later provide support for open ai sdk & docker... so we got you cover, **"AI Nerd"**...

## Teacher Note

If, you are a teacher then, the work submitted to the institution can be found at git commit history. [df443dc](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/tree/df443dcfffe5a8e48b8e4273812bf8ebfff6ecd8)

```powershell
git checkout df443dc
```

```powershell
git switch ~
```

## Getting Started

[![Build Jarvis With Pycrucible (x86-64)](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions/workflows/build-pipeline.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions/workflows/build-pipeline.yml)

You can download the executable files for jarvis from github action... (Early Access)

Click badge above or go [action](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions) tab in our officail github repository.

## Building

- Clone the repository.
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis.git
  ```

- Make a env file
  ```bash
  CHROME_PATH = 
  ```

- For run the app.
  ```bash
  uv run python main.py
  ```

## Developer Commands

- For formatting code, we use `ruff`
  ```bash
  uv run ruff format .
  ```

## Great Thank You

A great thank you & shout out to [@razorblade23](https://github.com/razorblade23) for creating [PyCrucible](https://github.com/razorblade23/PyCrucible).

It help a lot in bundling the python app to an executable for convenience.

Commit message:

chore: thanks message for jeel

README.md, after:

# Jarvis

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Jarvis is not offical launched, we as developer will try our best to release soon... But you have early access use following steps.

It is my **3rd year university project**. So, it for educational purpose. but, we might release in near future, if we see a good progress and user response.

It's an Digital AI Assistant made in python. That can help you do your daily task and keep productive.

> Basically if you can't afford alexa or google,
>
> Then, Get a dummy laptop, Install python & Run Jarvis.... 😅
>
> we might also, later provide support for open ai sdk & docker... so we got you cover, **"AI Nerd"**...

## Teacher Note

If, you are a teacher then, the work submitted to the institution can be found at git commit history. [df443dc](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/tree/df443dcfffe5a8e48b8e4273812bf8ebfff6ecd8)

```powershell
git checkout df443dc
```

```powershell
git switch ~
```

## Getting Started

[![Build Jarvis With Pycrucible (x86-64)](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions/workflows/build-pipeline.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions/workflows/build-pipeline.yml)

You can download the executable files for jarvis from github action... (Early Access)

Click badge above or go [action](https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis/actions) tab in our officail github repository.

## Building

- Clone the repository.
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/jainil63/Jarvis.git
  ```

- Make a env file
  ```bash
  CHROME_PATH = 
  ```

- For run the app.
  ```bash
  uv run python main.py
  ```

## Developer Commands

- For formatting code, we use `ruff`
  ```bash
  uv run ruff format .
  ```

## Great Thank You 

A great thank you & shout out to [@razorblade23](https://github.com/razorblade23) for creating [PyCrucible](https://github.com/razorblade23/PyCrucible). It help a lot in bundling the python app to an executable for convenience.

Also great thank you to [@JeelDobariya38](https://github.com/JeelDobariya38) for guide me to improve my code quality and for suggesting newer ideas for this project.
